The audio provided now is a small snippet of the middle parts of the overall audio plan. Here, I have played around with gentle fades in and out of scenes to see how to smoothly transition things. I have also tried to play around with the low-pass filter as seen in the date-talk audio, since the original audio is very crisp, but I wanted to establish a more fuzzy and distant sound. Furthermore, I have tried layering different sounds in order to create the ambiance of a memory of a date, as well as children playing in a suburban house as a school bus rolls up.

It is important to note that two key audio files are missing from both scenes, as these are to be recorded by myself personally. First, in the date scene, the scene will end with a crisp female voice stating, "I love you." to contrast the muffled and indistinguishable whispers and laughter of the memory. This will then transition to the established suburban scene, however, there will be a layer of audio coming from a motherly voice, telling the kids to "slow down", "don't forget your lunches", and "have a great day at school!", and finally with "I love you!".

The plans for the future portions of the audio will include the over-arching theme of "I love you" punctuating the end of a scene, fading into the next scene. However, the last scene (the one of the funeral) will be different than the others, as it will end with, "Surrounded here now by friends and family, I know that they were loved." Signifying the reversal of all the "I love you"s with a reciprocation of love.

Some concerns I have going forward is the ability to meet the minimum 2 minute time, because as of right now, I only have 33s of audio, and the scenes illustrated do contain most parts of 2/6 of the scenes I wished to illustrate. However, I am not too worried since even these scenes are missing some portions of audio. Overall, I am excited to continue working on this piece. 
